drwxr-xr-x   8 gitpod gitpod  200 Jan 21 16:41 2048/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Advent-of-Code-2016/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./alula/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./AngelHack_rando/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./angular-phonecat/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./aphrodite/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Aracari/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./aracari_native/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./art/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./awesome-react-components/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./BaseballTracker/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./basilica/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./bday_card/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./beatmapper/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./blog/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./BlueberryMix/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Blueberry.mx/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./book-demo/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Browser-CRM/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./cfp-gatsby-day/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./circle_game/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./classroom-q/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./CLYWmparison/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./CLYWmparison_blogembed/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./collaborative_writing/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./ColourMatch/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./confetti-temp/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./container/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./create-react-app/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./CRM/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Crowdfunder/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./css-for-js-flow-layout/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./dark-mode-minimal/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./datocms-Gatsby-Portfolio-Website-demo/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./demoboard/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./__deployment/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./diagnose/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./dont_eat_here_toronto/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./earthy/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./earthy_design/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./egghead-optimized-images-1/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./egghead-optimized-images-2/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./egghead-videos/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./elevator-simulator/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./ember-todo/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./empowered-development-with-gatsby/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./ES-horse/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./explorable-explanations-with-react/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./fakebook/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./fix-path/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./fntest/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./foodshow/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./framework.js/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Front-End-Starter/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./game_of_life/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./gatsby/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./gatsby-dark-mode/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./gatsby-personalization/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./gatsby-preview-demo/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./generic-portfolio/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./.git/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./greetings_from_space/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./grids/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./guppy/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Health-Arm/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./huddle/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./HungryBelly/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./immer/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./impact/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Inception/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./IPWA/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./javascript-fundamentals/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./joshbot/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./joshwcc/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./joshwcc_ver2/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./katas/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./key-and-pad/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./khan-workshop/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./kinected/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./knausj_talon/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./learn_ruby/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./learn-webgl/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./leitner/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./lunch-and-learn/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./m1-1-htmlcss--html/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./m1-2-htmlcss--css-basics/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./m1-3-htmlcss--css-page-layout/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./m2-1-js--fundamentals-P1/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./m2-5-js--fundamentals-P2/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./m5-1-redux--shopping-cart/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./makefile

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Mars-Rover-HTML/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./mdx-deck/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./MEAN_stack_starter/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./meteor-redux-example/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Microscope--Joshver-/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./mono-gatsby-apps/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./montreal/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./nation-branding-now/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./netlify-serverless-demo/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./new-component/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./nextjs-firebase-authentication/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./nice-index/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./object_oriented_programming/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./panther/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./payment/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Percentext/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Percentext_salessite/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./Perseus/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./photogur/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./photogur3/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./pixelminer/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./PixelPlay/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./playground/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./plot/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./poker/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./prism-react-renderer/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./project-euler/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./project-m2-nyan-cat/
git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin main
git add ./